addressing comments by John Mattsson (10 Nov 2023) (#64)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits: draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits.md

parties. Any limits on the maximum length of inputs or encryption operations
apply to that single key. The attacker's goal is to break security
(confidentiality or integrity) of that specific key. However, in practice, there
are often many parties with independent keys, multiple sessions between two
parties, and even many keys used within a single session due to rekeying. This
multi-key security setting, often referred to as the multi-user setting in the
academic literature, considers an attacker's advantage in breaking security of
any of these many keys, further assuming the attacker may have done some offline

> work (measuring time, but not memory) to help break security. As a result, AEAD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work (measuring time, but not memory) to help break any key. As a result, AEAD
```
